README.md, before:

# arithmetica-tui
A command-line wrapper for the (arithmetica library)[https://github.com/avighnac/arithmetica].

# Installation
```
curl -s -H "Accept: application/vnd.github.v3.raw" https://api.github.com/repos/avighnac/arithmetica-tui/contents/install.sh | sudo bash
```
# Features
## Factorize polynomials (with steps and without)
Arithmetica can currently factorize any degree single variable polynomials!
### With steps
See step-by-step instructions on how to factor the polynomial of your choice.
<div align='center'>
  <img width="790" height="310" src='https://github.com/avighnac/arithmetica-tui/assets/74564976/b421a59e-f49b-498f-9dcc-82924e1e05be'>
</div>

### Just the answer
Or just get to the answer.
<div align='center'>
  <img width="790" height="380" src='https://github.com/avighnac/arithmetica-tui/assets/74564976/2c2129c6-1031-463d-9280-9f92f7d3d822'>
</div>

## Evaluate expressions
Arithmetica can also evaluate expressions:

<div align='center'>
  <img width="790" height="190" src='https://github.com/avighnac/arithmetica-tui/assets/74564976/5fc0e511-7869-4329-9462-5de9e73b8921'>
</div>

## Add / Multiply with steps
And if you ever need to add or multiply something 'by hand' again, arithmetica can help with that too!

<div align='left'>
  <img width="auto" height="200" src='https://github.com/avighnac/arithmetica-tui/assets/74564976/e9901a79-3ec1-45c0-8865-8acbe0dca4d3'>
  <img width="auto" height="200" src='https://github.com/avighnac/arithmetica-tui/assets/74564976/ffed3e6a-d253-445b-b35f-5b6046512f08'>
</div>

<div align='rught'>
  <img width="auto" height="180" src='https://github.com/avighnac/arithmetica-tui/assets/74564976/5a5f56fa-ff49-468c-983a-98395bbdf84e'>
  <img width="auto" height="180" src='https://github.com/avighnac/arithmetica-tui/assets/74564976/2ea3fcc6-4e03-4ca6-82b2-9637bebe893c'>
</div>

Commit message:

Added features to update to the bleeding edge and stable versions.

README.md, after:

# arithmetica-tui
A command-line wrapper for the (arithmetica library)[https://github.com/avighnac/arithmetica].

# Installation

To install the latest stable version, run:
```
curl -s -H "Accept: application/vnd.github.v3.raw" https://api.github.com/repos/avighnac/arithmetica-tui/contents/install_stable.sh | sudo bash
```

If you want to install the bleeding edge version, run:
```
curl -s -H "Accept: application/vnd.github.v3.raw" https://api.github.com/repos/avighnac/arithmetica-tui/contents/install_bleeding_edge.sh | sudo bash
```
```

# Features
## Factorize polynomials (with steps and without)
Arithmetica can currently factorize any degree single variable polynomials!
### With steps
See step-by-step instructions on how to factor the polynomial of your choice.
<div align='center'>
  <img width="790" height="310" src='https://github.com/avighnac/arithmetica-tui/assets/74564976/b421a59e-f49b-498f-9dcc-82924e1e05be'>
</div>

### Just the answer
Or just get to the answer.
<div align='center'>
  <img width="790" height="380" src='https://github.com/avighnac/arithmetica-tui/assets/74564976/2c2129c6-1031-463d-9280-9f92f7d3d822'>
</div>

## Evaluate expressions
Arithmetica can also evaluate expressions:

<div align='center'>
  <img width="790" height="190" src='https://github.com/avighnac/arithmetica-tui/assets/74564976/5fc0e511-7869-4329-9462-5de9e73b8921'>
</div>

## Add / Multiply with steps
And if you ever need to add or multiply something 'by hand' again, arithmetica can help with that too!

<div align='left'>
  <img width="auto" height="200" src='https://github.com/avighnac/arithmetica-tui/assets/74564976/e9901a79-3ec1-45c0-8865-8acbe0dca4d3'>
  <img width="auto" height="200" src='https://github.com/avighnac/arithmetica-tui/assets/74564976/ffed3e6a-d253-445b-b35f-5b6046512f08'>
</div>

<div align='rught'>
  <img width="auto" height="180" src='https://github.com/avighnac/arithmetica-tui/assets/74564976/5a5f56fa-ff49-468c-983a-98395bbdf84e'>
  <img width="auto" height="180" src='https://github.com/avighnac/arithmetica-tui/assets/74564976/2ea3fcc6-4e03-4ca6-82b2-9637bebe893c'>
</div>
